#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-aggrid
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   gdown
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.8.2
    # via streamlit
bqplot==0.12.43
    # via leafmap
branca==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   folium
    #   streamlit-folium
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via streamlit
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   whitebox
colour==0.1.5
    # via leafmap
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.2
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
duckdb==1.0.0
    # via leafmap
entrypoints==0.4
    # via altair
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.15.4
    # via gdown
folium==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   leafmap
    #   streamlit-folium
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gdown==5.2.0
    # via leafmap
geojson==3.1.0
    # via leafmap
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipyevents==2.0.2
    # via leafmap
ipyfilechooser==0.6.0
    # via
    #   leafmap
    #   whiteboxgui
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via jupyterlab
ipyleaflet==0.17.0
    # via leafmap
ipython==8.26.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via ipywidgets
ipytree==0.2.2
    # via whiteboxgui
ipyvue==1.11.1
    # via ipyvuetify
ipyvuetify==1.9.4
    # via leafmap
ipywidgets==7.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bqplot
    #   ipyevents
    #   ipyfilechooser
    #   ipyleaflet
    #   ipytree
    #   ipyvue
    #   leafmap
    #   whiteboxgui
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   branca
    #   folium
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit-folium
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.22.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
    #   pystac
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.3
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.8
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
leafmap==0.35.8
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.9.1
    # via leafmap
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.2.1
    # via widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   bqplot
    #   contourpy
    #   folium
    #   leafmap
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   bqplot
    #   leafmap
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-aggrid
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.22.0
    # via leafmap
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via ipython
protobuf==5.27.2
    # via streamlit
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==16.1.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
pyshp==2.3.1
    # via leafmap
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
pystac[validation]==1.10.1
    # via pystac-client
pystac-client==0.8.2
    # via leafmap
python-box==7.2.0
    # via leafmap
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pystac
    #   pystac-client
python-decouple==3.8
    # via streamlit-aggrid
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests[socks]==2.32.3
    # via
    #   folium
    #   gdown
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pystac-client
    #   streamlit
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scooby==0.10.0
    # via leafmap
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
streamlit==1.36.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-aggrid
    #   streamlit-folium
streamlit-option-menu
streamlit-aggrid==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-folium==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==0.12.1
    # via altair
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via gdown
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   ipyleaflet
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   streamlit
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
watchdog==4.0.1
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.6.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
whitebox==2.3.4
    # via whiteboxgui
whiteboxgui==2.3.0
    # via leafmap
widgetsnbextension==3.6.7
    # via ipywidgets
xyzservices==2024.6.0
    # via
    #   ipyleaflet
    #   leafmap

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
